Documentation for position, rotation, scaling (#13)
cgi-studio-gmbh/incari-doc: toolbox/incari/object/set-alpha.md

# Overview

![The Set Alpha Node.](../../../.gitbook/assets/toolbox/incari/object/set-alpha.PNG)

> **Set Alpha** sets the `alpha` component value of the color space of an **Object**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Set Alpha** sets the value of a specified **Object**'s `Alpha` **Attribute** .
```

> The **Set Alpha** node only works with objects that have **Sprite** category as an attribute such as **List**, **Image**, **Sequence**, **Web Sprite**, **Sprite** and **Text**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Set Alpha** **Node** only works with **Objects** that have  **Attribute**'s from the **Sprite** category, such as **List**, **Image Sequence**, **Web Sprite**, **Sprite**, and **Text**.
```

# Attributes

|Attribute|Type|Description|
|---|---|---|

> |`Object`|**ObjectID**|The **Object** whose color space's `alpha` component is to be set, if one is not provided in the `object ID` **Socket**.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`Object`|**ObjectID**|The **Object** you wish to set the `Alpha` of if one is not provided in the `Object ID` **Socket**.|
```

> |`Default Alpha`|**Float**|The default value of the **Object** color space's `alpha` component. 

Reviewer: The value of the **Object**'s `Alpha` **Attribute** if one isn't provided in the `Object ID` **Socket** .

# Inputs

|Input|Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|*Pulse Input* (►)|**Pulse**|A standard **Input Pulse**, to trigger the execution of the **Node**.|

> |`Object`|**ObjectID**|The ID of the **Object** whose `Alpha` value you would like to set.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`Object ID`|**ObjectID**|The ID of the **Object** whose `Alpha` value you would like to set.|
```

> |`Alpha`|**Float**|The input `Alpha` value of the **Object's** color space you seek to set.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`Alpha`|**Float**|The desired value of the **Object**'s `Alpha` **Attribute**.|
```
